SEGMENT OPEN LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License is granted by Medviso AB, a Swedish company registered under company No 
SE556738559501, having its principle place of business located at Griffelvägen 3, 22467, 
Lund to the individual and/or entity that has downloaded the Program covered by this 
Agreement or subsequently received the Program by distribution permitted by the terms of 
this Agreement.

BACKGROUND
This license contains the terms and conditions for the use of the Program (as defined 
below) in teaching, scientific and clinical research, and only provided that the Program 
then is used for non-commercial and non-clinical purpose. Commercial purpose includes 
clinical trials where sponsor is not an academic or governmental body. Clinical purpose is 
defined as where the usage of the software on images from an individual may change that 
individual’s clinical management.

For clinical or commercial usage of the Program (including Work based of the Program) the
Program is also released under parallel commercial license(s), not covered in this license 
text. 

The licensee is given the rights to use the Program, to distribute the source code, to
receive the source code, to change and modify the Program and to distribute any modified or 
changed Program under this license. The distribution of modified or changed Program is 
dependent on that the conditions set forth in this license are met.

Similarly to GPL, this license grants you rights to use the software, to distribute copies,
to receive source code, to change the software and distribute your modifications or the 
modified software. Also similarly to the GPL, if you distribute verbatim or modified copies 
of this software, they must be distributed under this license. 

By modelling the GPL, this license guarantees that you're safe when using the Program in
teaching, scientific and clinical research. This license guarantees that the Program will
remain available free of charge for non-commercial and non-clinical use. You can modify the
Program to your purposes, and you can also share your modifications. 

We believe that the combination of open-source and dual commercial licensing will be
beneficial for the whole user community, because income from commercial licenses will
enable faster development and a higher level of software quality, while further enjoying
the informal, open communication and collaboration channels of open source development.

1. DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement:

"Modify or change the Program" means to copy from or adapt all or part of the Program,
requiring copyright permission, to create other than an exact copy.

"Program" means any copy (binary or source code) of the software Segment to be distributed 
under this License.

"Source code" means the preferred form of the Program for making modifications of it.

"Using the Program" means any act of executing either compiled binary forms of the Program 
or executing the Program in a software development environment. 

"Work based of the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work pursuant to 
copyright law.

2. LICENSE
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the licensee is permitted to use the Program, free 
of charge, for research, educational and medical care purposes, including research and 
teaching at universities, colleges and other educational institutions, research at 
non-profit research institutions including non-profit research at hospitals and other 
medical care facilities. The licensee is not granted any license to use the Program for 
commercial or clinical purpose.

3. Copying and distribution of the Program
The licensee is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program when 
receiving it. To distribute copies of the Program the licensee must publish an  
easily-visible and appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty on each copy, 
keep all notices referring to this license intact and give every Program recipients a copy 
of this license.

4. Modifying copies of the program or any portion of the program and copying and 
distributing the modification.

The licensee is, subject to the limitations of this Agreement, permitted to modify the 
licensee’s copy of the Program or any other copy of the Program or any portion of it, 
forming a Work based on the Program. The licensee is also permitted to distribute works 
based on the Program under the terms described in Sections 2 and 3 above provided that all 
three of the following conditions (A-C) are met:

A. The licensee must ensure that any work based on the Program to carry sufficient
information stating that the licensee changed the files and the date of the changes,

B. The licensee must ensure any work based on the Program to carry sufficient information
stating that the work based on the program in whole or in part contains or is derived from
the program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
parties under the terms of this license, and,

C. The licensor has been informed of the work based on the program and a copy of the work
based on the program has been distributed to the licensor with an unrestricted right for
the licensor to use Work based on the Program. 

The requirements stated above apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable 
sections can be considered independent and separate works in themselves, this license is
not applicable to those sections. When such sections are distributed as part of a whole
which is a work based on the Program, the distribution must comply with the terms of this
license.

5. TERMINTATION
The licensee may not copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program except under the
terms of this Agreement. Violating this will result in immediate termination of this
license. Parties who have received copies or rights from the licensee under the terms in
this Agreement are not a violation of this license.

6. ACCEPTANCE
Nothing else than this license or a commercial license by Medviso AB grants a licensee the
right to use the Program, receive the source code, modify or distribute the Program or its
derivative works, such as work based on the Program and law prohibits these actions if a
licensee does not accept the terms given in the license. By, using the Program, receiving
the source code, modifying or distributing the Program or any work based on the Program,
the licensee indicates its acceptance of this license and all terms and conditions.

7. PROHIBITION OF IMPOSING FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE RECIPIENT
When the licensee redistributes the Program or any work based on the Program the recipient
automatically receives a license from the original licensor including all the rights
granted by the license. The licensee may not impose any further restrictions on the
recipient’s exercise of its rights.

8. AS is ? WAIVER
The Program is free of charge and provided to the licensee on an as is basis. There is no
warranty for the Program. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Program
is with the licensee. If the Program proves defective, the Licensee assumes the cost of all
necessary servicing, repair and correction.

In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed in writing, the licensor or any
other party who may modify and/or redistribute the Program should be liable to the licensee
for compensation or damages. This includes any general, special, incidental or
consequential damages arising out of the use of the Program.

The Licensor makes no warranty or representation that the Program does not infringe third
party’s patents or other intellectual property rights.

9. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement is governed by the substantial laws of Sweden. Any dispute arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement shall be resolved by Expedited Arbitrations of the
Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. The seat of arbitration shall
be Lund, Sweden. The number of arbitrators should be one and the language shall be English.
